Document how to update the test image (#1735)
packit/packit-service: CONTRIBUTING.md

As the last step playbook [zuul-tests.yaml](/files/zuul-tests.yaml) is executed.

### Updating the test image

The image in which tests are running
(`quay.io/packit/packit-service-tests:stg`) is rebuilt every time a new commit
shows up in the `main` branch. It is during this build when new dependencies
can be installed or new versions of existing dependencies are pulled in.

This is why adding a new test dependency (or modifying the Ansible playbooks
configuring the test image in some other way) should be done in a PR
_preceding_ the one in which this dependency is used the first time.

> In order to have `packit` updated to a version corresponding to the latest

Reviewer: this should apply for `ogr` and `specfile` as well probably

Author: Added these, too and updated the wording accordingly.

commit of the `main` branch in [packit/packit], you should first wait for
[Copr to build] the RPM for this commit, and then retrigger [the last test
image build] so that the new RPM is installed.

---

Thank you for your interest!
Packit team.

[packit/packit]: https://github.com/packit/packit
[copr to build]: https://copr.fedorainfracloud.org/coprs/packit/packit-dev/builds/

> [the last test image build]: https://github.com/packit/packit-service/actions/runs/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[the last test image build from the main branch]: https://github.com/packit/packit-service/actions/workflows/rebuild-and-push-images.yml?query=branch%3Amain
```
